The functions for manipulating objects, that we
explored so far, are used to move objects around
or change their size or change their color. The
next set of functions, the boolean operations are
used to combine multiple objects with one another.
With union we can combine multiple objects into
one. This is very important. If we want to use the
output of our process in a fabrication process,
like 3D printing, because then you don't
want individual loose objects that are not
completely combined, but you need one combined
union object, that you can then send to a slicer
software, so that the 3D printing is properly
prepared. With substract we can subtract one or
multiple shapes from another shape. Intersect is
where multiple shapes overlap. Scission is a bit
tricky, if you did a union before, but actually
not all of your objects are touching one another,
or at least have an edge, where they touch
each other. Then with scission, after a union,
we can select those objects that are not really
touching at any point. We get back, we get
returned an array with all the individual objects
that are not in some way linked to one another.